the most dangerous thing I've ever done on the job. Waas probably boat
ops. As a boat officer, we had to transfer probably about 10 sailors
from our DDG to a, um, a transport ship, which was, uh I can't remember
exactly what type of ship it was, but it was like it was almost
like a like I am messy run ship. So we had We had Thio transport about
10 sailors from one ship to the next, and it was kind of like some
some choppy water, so the seas were probably 45 foot seas, so the
boat was going up and down. You know, you're trying to get these people
on and off the ship, and, you know, it was kind of nerve racking
at the time. So as a boto, I was very concerned about the safety
of the crew members who were on the boat more so than myself. So and
also with, you know, the ddg trailing, you know, kind of offset. It
was just a concerned about someone going in the water and, uh, having
to, you know, worst case scenario, having informed someone's parents
that their son or daughter is not coming home, so that's probably
the most dangerous and the most scary. You know,